bottom Long Beach the city creeps with
you catch the beat cheap nice everyday
it's the cheap way to eat something
wait niggas gonna come blood wanna buck
show blue wrap in bagging my pitch to me
y'all go fuck me I push the line and I
give it three times with the business
smile deac
bullseye motherfucker make no mistake
get jump seat walk walk ride your song
say don't let alone peloton game from a
game
listen to the east side of Long Beach
when we are fabulous buzzes well a
variety apart
sherry port wanting to King four we also
have bitch boy over here we have the
Queen there there's peace groups is no
longer around
yeah the conjunction in the fish market
facility no we stand with the DPG if
you're tired
thank you lucky shot by the LPC and
Nikki DX are you see you can come about
this
a school or go to any karate park that
you choose to have fuck tell picnic a
matter of fact you can dug in your ass
look at the Pacific team going to see
Brokeback Mountain and why you have two
fish market waiting on your fish you can
go into the VIP and get musical choice
while you experiencing the life of a
residential gang member so this is the
life that we saw at Long Beach Lodge